c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.dll
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.pdb
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.g.resources
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.dll
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.pdb
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\home.g.cs
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\Register.g.cs
c:\users\invalid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cmt 307 .NET Project\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\AddEditItemPage.g.cs
